what are you thinking about going from running
to trail running the exercises of
aesthetic strength are going to be your best
allies with this type of exercises you go
to improve the strength and strength of
your muscles tendons and joints
they also give you the possibility of being able to
better resist both the climbs and
the drops in trading today we're going to
see some very easy exercises
perform on the same street I hope you
like
in the squat well if the important thing is
align the shoulder with the heel going down
Softly controls
for work is downtown district
ideals lean slightly towards
go ahead and keep the position about
seconds and calm
we support and the one on the curb
starting an already elevated position
tiptoes we descend little by little
trying to reduce the angle of the
foot support down the heel to the maximum
You can help a lamppost to not
lose balance
made with both store
to work the squat well
downtown you must make a jump
vertical after a descent control